[DOCS-14104] Add mobile frustration signals documentation (#36263)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/real_user_monitoring/frustration_signals/mobile.mdoc.md

## Overview

> Mobile RUM collects frustration signals to help you identify the highest points of user friction in your application by surfacing moments when users exhibit frustration.

Reviewer: Feels a little circular, but not deal breaking by any means. My attempt:

```suggestion
Frustration signals identify points of user friction in your mobile application by capturing patterns like rage taps and error taps.
```

Mobile RUM collects two types of frustration signals:

Rage Taps

> : A user taps on an element more than three times in a one-second sliding window within a 48dp radius (approximately 9mm).

Reviewer 2: **Clarifying question**: Do these measurements of 48dp radius (approximately 9mm) apply to all the platforms (ie react native, android, flutter...)?

Author: that's a good question - i will find out.

Author: i flipped it so that it's more general and not android-specific. thanks for pointing this out!

> : A user taps on an element more than three times in a one-second sliding window within a 48dp radius (approximately 9mm).

Author: ```suggestion
: A user taps on an element more than three times in a one-second sliding window within a radius of approximately 9mm (48dp).
```

> : A user taps on an element more than three times in a one-second sliding window within a radius of approximately 9mm (48dp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A user taps on an element more than three times in a one-second sliding window within a radius of approximately 9 mm (48 dp).
```

Error Taps

> : A user taps on an element, and at least one error occurs during the action's duration or within 100ms after the action ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A user taps on an element, and at least one error occurs during the action's duration or within 100 ms after the action ends.
```

> Frustration signals are automatically detected by the Mobile RUM SDK with no additional configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Mobile RUM SDK automatically detects Frustration signals with no additional configuration.
```
Turned this into the active voice.

> The Mobile RUM SDK automatically detects Frustration signals with no additional configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mobile RUM SDK automatically detects frustration signals with no additional configuration.
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Suggestion for improved AI retrieval

```suggestion
## Search for frustration signals in the RUM Explorer
```

Frustration signals appear in the [RUM Explorer][1] as action attributes. Search through your RUM data to surface trends on frustration signals and analyze patterns of user friction.

> Enter a facet in the search query to start your search. Available search fields include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter a facet in the search query to begin. Available search fields include:
```
**Non-blocking:** A suggestion to remove the repetition of the word "search" in the sentence.
